I will read a book every night.
I read that novel last week.
The wind will wind around the trees.
Please lead the team to victory.
This pipe is made of lead.
She had to tear the paper.
A tear rolled down her cheek.
The bass player caught a big bass fish.
I will present my project.
She gave me a present.
The farm will produce fresh vegetables.
The produce section is over there.
The dove dove into the water.
He had to object to the decision.
The object was shiny.
They were content with the outcome.
The content of the book was fascinating.
She had to refuse the offer.
The trash bin was full of refuse.
Please permit me to enter.
I got a parking permit.
He is a minute insect.
Wait a minute before starting.
I will bow to the audience.
She fired an arrow from her bow.
The soldiers had to desert their camp.
The desert is very dry.
She will subject us to more tests.
The subject of the lesson is physics.
The bandage was wound around his arm.
He suffered a terrible wound.
They tried to convert their ideas into action.
The convert joined the new faith.
He took a deep breath.
The suspect tried to excuse himself.
There was no excuse for his behavior.
The contract was invalid.
The man was an invalid.
I tried to resume my work.
The job application required a résumé.
The students will conduct an experiment.
His conduct was excellent.
The bird will refuse to fly.
The bin was full of refuse.
He was told to project his voice.
The new project is ambitious.
I need to record a new song.
The team set a new record.
The factory will produce more goods.
The market sells fresh produce.
The judge will object to that remark.
The strange object was glowing.
She needs to contract a virus.
The contract was signed.
The boxer tried to wound his opponent.
His wound was deep.
The doctor will incense the patient.
The smell of incense was strong.
She had to separate the papers.
They live in separate houses.
We took a road trip through München and loved the beer gardens.
The Schwarzwald is famous for its cuckoo clocks and dense forests.
They visited Köln to see the famous cathedral.
I love eating Brötchen with butter in the morning.
The castles in Bayern are stunning, especially Neuschwanstein.
We went to Düsseldorf for the Christmas markets.
Frankfurt am Main is an important financial hub.
She tried Sauerkraut for the first time in Berlin.
The university in Heidelberg is one of the oldest in Germany.
He ordered a Brezel and a beer in a Bavarian tavern.
We took a boat ride on the Bodensee.
Leipzig has a rich musical history, including Bach and Wagner.
The Oktoberfest in München is a must visit event.
They took a cruise on the Rhein River.
The city of Nürnberg is famous for its medieval old town.
We visited the Elbphilharmonie in Hamburg.
His favorite German dish is Kartoffelsalat.
The view from Zugspitze was breathtaking.
We visited the Château de Versailles last summer.
The wine from Bordeaux is world famous.
She bought macarons from a bakery in Paris.
We took a boat ride on the Seine River.
The lavender fields in Provence are stunning in summer.
Marseille is one of the most important port cities in France.
Lyon is famous for its gastronomy.
The Eiffel Tower is the most visited monument in France.
I had the best croissant of my life in Nice.
The ski resorts in Chamonix Mont Blanc are perfect for winter sports.
The beaches in Côte d’Azur are beautiful.
He studied at the Sorbonne in Paris.
Strasbourg has a fascinating mix of French and German culture.
Rouen is where Joan of Arc was executed.
They visited the famous Loire Valley castles.
The Pont du Gard is an impressive Roman aqueduct in the south of France.
The Sagrada Família in Barcelona is an architectural masterpiece.
I had the best paella in València.
The Alhambra in Granada is breathtaking.
Flamenco dancing in Sevilla is a must see.
They visited the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
The running of the bulls takes place in Pamplona.
